# Live Class and Exam +  Scheduler

The Live Class and Exam Scheduler is a web application designed to help teachers and students schedule and attend live classes and exams online. The application allows administrators to create exams with a particular teacher, role player, exam or class duration, and starting time. Administrators can then assign exams to teachers, who will be able to access them from their dashboard.

The exams or classes work as follows: Suppose there are 5 teachers ,5 students and 5 exam/class. During the first exam/class, teacher 1 will join the exam/class with student 1, and the remaining teachers and students will follow the same pattern. On the second exam/class, student 1 will join the exam with teacher 2, student 2 will join the exam with teacher 3, and so on. The application will automatically rotate the students through the teachers so that each student attends all the teachers.

The number of students, teachers, and exam/class will be the same, ensuring that everyone has the same opportunity to attend all the classes and exams.
Along with this, there are some other features, like administrator can add questions in checkbox form , can add a question or note in pdf format. Administrator can view live updates about exams/classes , like which student is on which class and with which teacher. Also he can join any exam/class to see what's going on there. Teacher can give checkmark to those questions (added by administrator) accordingly the answers of student. And can also give a mark and a comment for the student. Students can see the pdf that administrator added and also can use a notepad while exams/classes are ongoing. 

Overall, the Live Class and Exam + Scheduler is a useful tool for any educational institution or organization that needs to schedule and conduct live classes and exams online.